All right.
So it's time for a brand new module.
And in this module we're going to be building a beautiful weather app.
And in the process, we're going to learn about how to get the GPS location of the phone,
be it iOS or Android.
We're going to learn how we can network and make API calls to grab a live data from the Internet.
And we're also going to learn about futures and asynchronous Dart programming.
So there's a lot of fun stuff that's coming up.
And by the end of the module, we're going to have a beautiful app to show for all of our hard work.
It's going to not only be able to grab us the weather for our current location, but we'll also be have
to type in any city that we want the weather for and it will be able to bring us the weather just like
magic.
But it's not magic, it's programming.
So once you already head over to the next lesson and we're going to get started building it out.